the beauty is felipe here I imagine in a
video tutorial realize you can stop
of linking through the share you
talk more is that when you move and
pounds or if there is interest from
will not have any place is paid then
2016 only to use this method the
even control two kids legal trot is
You get two daughters mirror was by
here is so long the Portuguese is
not even here
after that time
Just there, it's okay to get in here and this.
can be good
there after I sat here you can look
with the spreadsheets that is to stay and he who
is going to line is you put here is if
us here like he's here O
you do the test was is calling
control
click here it's half wire guided
to be pass the next step is to pass tape
insulation and medium
Now I'll read if there's no
plate you can use in the middle and
read reads to me arrives here with the boss
he is watching on the screen and fiddling with the guinea
that he is not right
if I'm a woman method I found
to know who this novel thing is
all there it is easier also in thing
more accessible is for everyone not only
But the sea still leaves the favorite is
very poor